Session-01
==========
1.What is Devops?
DevOps is a process of building, testing and releasing code on the same day when developer writes something.Through this process we can achieve 
collaboration between teams,The main goal of devops is faster releases and less defects.
 
 
2.Why DevOps? 
To overcome the disadvantages of waterfall model and agile methodology devops came into picture bcs through waterfall model we had achieved some 
30 to 40% accuracy in Output nd through agile methodology we had achieved some 80% but through devops, We are achieving in between 90 to 95% accuracy.
 
 
3.What is the Waterfall model? 
The Waterfall methodology — also known as the Waterfall model — is a sequential development process that flows like a waterfall through all phases 
of a project (analysis, design, development, and testing, for example), with each phase completely wrapping up/freezed before the next phase begins
 
Advantages of Waterfall Model
------------------------------
i)Quality of the product will be good.

ii)Since Requirement changes are not allowed, chances of finding bugs will be less.

iii)Initial investment is less since the testers are hired at the later stages.

iv)Preferred for small projects where requirements are freezed.

Disadvantages of Waterfall Model

i)Requirement changes are not allowed.

ii)If there is a defect in the Requirement that will be continued in later phases.

iii)Total investment is more because time taking for rework on defects is time consuming which leads to high investment.

iv)Testing will start only after coding.


4.what is sdlc?
SDLC stands for Software Development Life Cycle, which is a structured process that helps development teams design, build, test, and maintain software.
The goal of SDLC is to create high-quality software that meets customer needs while reducing risk and costs.       
         
Planning: The first stage of SDLC, where the team sets goals and plans to achieve them
Requirements gathering and analysis: The team gathers and analyzes requirements
Design: The team designs the software
Coding or implementation: The team codes or implements the software
Testing: The team tests the software
Deployment: The team deploys the software
Maintenance: The team maintains the software


5.What is Agile Methodology?
i)It is an Iterative and Incremental Approach.
ii)Iterative means the same process repeating again and again.(The process keeps on repeating).
iii)Incremental means, modules/features keep on adding on top of existing software. 
iv)Agile is an Iterative and Incremental model where requirements keep on changing. 
v)As a company we should be flexible to accept requirements change, develop, test and finally release a piece of working software within a short span 
of time.
vi)There will be good communication between Customer, Business Analyst, Developers & Testers.
vii)The Goal of the agile model is customer satisfaction by delivering the piece of the software to the customer within a short span of time.
viii)Agile Testing is a type of testing where we follow the agile principles. 

Advantages:
-----------
i)Requirement changes are allowed in any stage of development (or) We can accommodate Requirement changes in the middle of development.
ii)Releases will be very fast( Weekly)
iii)Customers do not need to wait for a long time.
iv)Good communication between the team.
v)It is a very easy model to adopt.

Disadvantages:
--------------
i)Less focus on design and documentation since we deliver software very faster.