AWS - Amazon web Services
-------------------------
It is comperhensive cloud computing platform offered by amazon.

1. what is cloud?
-> The cloud is a vast online storage space where people and businesses store their files and applications, accessible from anywhere 
   with an internet connection. The cloud also offers services, such as computing power, databases, networking, and software applications.
   ex: email, google workspace, microsoft365, dropbox, googledrive, aws, microsoft azure etc.
   
2. what is data centers?
-> A place/facility where all the servers/hardware, networking equipment, and storage systems are stored and all the configurations for 
   the servers used to collect, process, and store data.
   eg: Netmagic, Sify Technologies, ESDS, Nexlogic, Yotta Infrastructure, GPX India, Web Werks India, STT GDC India and HPE etc.
  
3. what is virtulization?
-> it is a technology where we will solve the problem of wasting a resources on a server, that creates virtual representations of 
   computer hardware, software, or resources, allowing multiple virtual instances to run on a single physical machine.
   eg: if we have a 1 server with a 100gb and 100cpu instead of deploying the 1 application in the actual server, using virtilization 
       creating a virtual servers on top of the actual server and in each virtual server we deploy 1 application. In this case instead
	   of buying 15-20 servers, we just buy 1 server required amount of configuration and we can deploy 15-20 applications.
	   applications for creating vm's - Scale Computing HyperCore, VMware, Hyper-V

4. what is private and public cloud?
-> private cloud, computing services offered either over the Internet or a private internal network and only within a organisation 
   instead of the general public.
   eg: healthcare, finance and the government or public sector.
   
   public cloud, where resources are offered by a third-party provider via the internet and shared by organizations and individuals who 
   want to use or purchase them.
   eg: Amazon Web Services(AWS), Microsoft Azure, IBM, and Digital Ocean
   
5. why public cloud is so popular?
-> its cost-effectiveness, scalability, flexibility and to get rid of the entire maintenance overhead and we have to ensure server work 
   properly without security breaching so the private cloud is very complicated. 

6. How AWS is better than others?
-> apart from many other cloud providers, aws is the first pioneers comes in the market they have started the cloud concept and currently 
   they plenty of services and other solutions. it have best ui interface, facilities and good customer support. they holds a large 
   market share that menas they have plenty of job openings, aws is the right platform to start the journey in cloud.

7. Are people going back from cloud?   
-> moving from public cloud to private cloud is called cloud repatriation and very less people will use this facility due to private 
   security, cost optimization, regulatory requirements and confidential purpose. 43% of IT leaders found that moving applications and 
   data to the cloud was more expensive than expected. startup and mid-level companies cannot afford for data centers & start the journey 
   with cloud not in just of cost due to entire setup and maintainence.